gh-135427: Fix DeprecationWarning for os.fork when run in threads with -Werror (#136796)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-07-19-11-53-19.gh-issue-135427.iJM_X2.rst

> A DeprecationWarning is now provided for os.fork and os.forkpty when run within a thread with -Werror.

Reviewer: Add links to make this more useful. Also this is where you can credit yourself:
```suggestion
With :option:`-Werror <-W>`, the DeprecationWarning emitted by :py:func:`os.fork`
and :py:func:`os.forkpty` in mutli-threaded processes is now raised as an exception.
Previously it was silently ignored.
Patch by Rani Pinchuk.
```
